add clarification on http redirect (#753)
openid/OpenID4VP: 1.1/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_1.md

Reviewer: I think I would add the extra text here:

```suggestion
The Wallet MUST process the request as defined in [@RFC9101]. The Wallet SHOULD NOT follow HTTP redirects and SHOULD treat them as an error response (see (#http_redirects)). Additionally, if the Wallet passed a `wallet_nonce` in the POST request, the Wallet MUST validate whether the request object contains the respective nonce value in a `wallet_nonce` claim. If it does not, the Wallet MUST terminate request processing. 
```

### Request URI Error Response

> If the Verifier responds with any HTTP error response, the Wallet MUST terminate the process. The Wallet SHOULD NOT follow HTTP redirects and SHOULD treat them as an error response (see (#http_redirects)).

Reviewer: As per other comment I think it more logically fits if you put it above instead:

```suggestion
If the Verifier responds with any HTTP error response, the Wallet MUST terminate the process.
```

Whenever TLS is used, a TLS server certificate check MUST be performed, per [@!RFC6125].

## HTTP Redirects {#http_redirects}

> This specification does not use HTTP redirects (HTTP status codes 3xx) for the HTTP requests defined in this specification that the Wallet sends directly to the Verifier, specifically the request to retrieve the Request Object from the Request URI (whether using the `get` method as defined in [@RFC9101] or the `post` method defined in (#request_uri_method_post)) and the request transmitting the Authorization Response to the Response URI (see (#response_mode_post)). If the Wallet receives an HTTP redirect in response to one of these requests, it SHOULD NOT follow the redirect and SHOULD treat the response as an error. Extensions and profiles of this specification MAY define the use of HTTP redirects for specific requests.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence is really long and quite difficult to read. How about something like this:

```suggestion
This specification does not use HTTP redirects (HTTP status codes 3xx) for the HTTP requests defined in this specification that the Wallet sends directly to the Verifier. Specifically, HTTP redirects are not used in the request to retrieve the Request Object from the Request URI (whether using the `get` method as defined in [@RFC9101] or the `post` method defined in (#request_uri_method_post)) and the request transmitting the Authorization Response to the Response URI (see (#response_mode_post)). If the Wallet receives an HTTP redirect in response to one of these requests, it SHOULD NOT follow the redirect and SHOULD treat the response as an error. Extensions and profiles of this specification MAY define the use of HTTP redirects for specific requests.
```

> This specification does not use HTTP redirects (HTTP status codes 3xx) for the HTTP requests defined in this specification that the Wallet sends directly to the Verifier. Specifically, HTTP redirects are not used in the request to retrieve the Request Object from the Request URI (whether using the `get` method as defined in [@RFC9101] or the `post` method defined in (#request_uri_method_post)) and the request transmitting the Authorization Response to the Response URI (see (#response_mode_post)). If the Wallet receives an HTTP redirect in response to one of these requests, it SHOULD NOT follow the redirect and SHOULD treat the response as an error. Extensions and profiles of this specification MAY define the use of HTTP redirects for specific requests.

Reviewer 3: What does "directly" mean in "that the Wallet sends directly to the Verifier" ? Are there any indirect messages?

Reviewer 2: I think it is intended to mean "not including messages that include a `redirect_uri`" which obviously should be redirected to.

Reviewer 3: Should we mention Section 15.4 of RFC9110 to make this language clear?

Author: I added that note below to make clear that redirect_uri is something different - I believe status codes 3xx are pretty clear?

> This specification does not use HTTP redirects (HTTP status codes 3xx) for the HTTP requests defined in this specification that the Wallet sends directly to the Verifier. Specifically, HTTP redirects are not used in the request to retrieve the Request Object from the Request URI (whether using the `get` method as defined in [@RFC9101] or the `post` method defined in (#request_uri_method_post)) and the request transmitting the Authorization Response to the Response URI (see (#response_mode_post)). If the Wallet receives an HTTP redirect in response to one of these requests, it SHOULD NOT follow the redirect and SHOULD treat the response as an error. Extensions and profiles of this specification MAY define the use of HTTP redirects for specific requests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This specification does not use HTTP redirects (HTTP status codes 3xx) for the HTTP requests defined in this specification that the Wallet sends directly to the Verifier, i.e.:

- the request to retrieve the Request Object from the Request URI (whether using the `get` method as defined in [@RFC9101] or the `post` method defined in (#request_uri_method_post))
- the request transmitting the Authorization Response to the Response URI (see (#response_mode_post))

If the Wallet receives an HTTP redirect in response to one of these requests, it SHOULD NOT follow the redirect and SHOULD treat the response as an error. Extensions and profiles of this specification MAY define the use of HTTP redirects for specific requests.
```
